[docs] AnimateDiff FreeNoise (#9414)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/animatediff.md

pipe = AnimateDiffPipeline.from_pretrained("emilianJR/epiCRealism", motion_adapter=motion_adapter, vae=vae, torch_dtype=dtype)
pipe.scheduler = LCMScheduler.from_config(pipe.scheduler.config, beta_schedule="linear")

pipe.load_lora_weights(
    "wangfuyun/AnimateLCM", weight_name="AnimateLCM_sd15_t2v_lora.safetensors", adapter_name="lcm_lora"
)
pipe.set_adapters(["lcm_lora"], [0.8])

# Enable FreeNoise for long prompt generation
pipe.enable_free_noise(context_length=16, context_stride=4)
pipe.to("cuda")

# Can be a single prompt, or a dictionary with frame timesteps
prompt = {
    0: "A caterpillar on a leaf, high quality, photorealistic",
    40: "A caterpillar transforming into a cocoon, on a leaf, near flowers, photorealistic",
    80: "A cocoon on a leaf, flowers in the backgrond, photorealistic",
    120: "A cocoon maturing and a butterfly being born, flowers and leaves visible in the background, photorealistic",
    160: "A beautiful butterfly, vibrant colors, sitting on a leaf, flowers in the background, photorealistic",
    200: "A beautiful butterfly, flying away in a forest, photorealistic",
    240: "A cyberpunk butterfly, neon lights, glowing",

> }

Reviewer: The keys denote what? I would maybe clarify that a bit.

    </tr>
</table>

## Using FreeNoise

[FreeNoise: Tuning-Free Longer Video Diffusion via Noise Rescheduling](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.15169) by Haonan Qiu, Menghan Xia, Yong Zhang, Yingqing He, Xintao Wang, Ying Shan, Ziwei Liu.

FreeNoise is a sampling mechanism that allows the generation of longer videos with short-video generation models by employing noise-rescheduling, temporal attention over sliding windows, and weighted averaging of latent frames. It also can be used with multiple prompts to allow for interpolated video generations. More details are available in the paper.

The currently supported AnimateDiff pipelines that can be used with FreeNoise are:
- [AnimateDiffPipeline]
- [AnimateDiffControlNetPipeline]
- [AnimateDiffVideoToVideoPipeline]
- [AnimateDiffVideoToVideoControlNetPipeline]

In order to use FreeNoise, a single line needs to be added to the inference code after loading your pipelines.

```diff
+ pipe.enable_free_noise()
```

> After this, either a single prompt could be used, or multiple prompts can be passed as a dictionary of integer-string pairs. The integer keys of the dictionary correspond to the frame index at which the influence of that prompt would be maximum. Each frame index should map to a single string prompt. The prompts for intermediate frame indices, that are not passed in the dictionary, are created by interpolating between the frame prompts that are passed. By default, simple linear interpolation is used however one can customize this behaviour by a callback to the `prompt_interpolation_callback` parameter when enabling FreeNoise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After this, either a single prompt could be used, or multiple prompts can be passed as a dictionary of integer-string pairs. The integer keys of the dictionary correspond to the frame index at which the influence of that prompt would be maximum. Each frame index should map to a single string prompt. The prompts for intermediate frame indices, that are not passed in the dictionary, are created by interpolating between the frame prompts that are passed. By default, simple linear interpolation is used. However, you can customize this behaviour with a callback to the `prompt_interpolation_callback` parameter when enabling FreeNoise.
```

pipe.set_adapters(["lcm_lora"], [0.8])

# Enable FreeNoise for long prompt generation
pipe.enable_free_noise(context_length=16, context_stride=4)
pipe.to("cuda")

# Can be a single prompt, or a dictionary with frame timesteps
prompt = {
    0: "A caterpillar on a leaf, high quality, photorealistic",
    40: "A caterpillar transforming into a cocoon, on a leaf, near flowers, photorealistic",
    80: "A cocoon on a leaf, flowers in the backgrond, photorealistic",
    120: "A cocoon maturing and a butterfly being born, flowers and leaves visible in the background, photorealistic",
    160: "A beautiful butterfly, vibrant colors, sitting on a leaf, flowers in the background, photorealistic",
    200: "A beautiful butterfly, flying away in a forest, photorealistic",
    240: "A cyberpunk butterfly, neon lights, glowing",
}
negative_prompt = "bad quality, worst quality, jpeg artifacts"

# Run inference
output = pipe(
    prompt=prompt,
    negative_prompt=negative_prompt,
    num_frames=256,
    guidance_scale=2.5,
    num_inference_steps=10,
    generator=torch.Generator("cpu").manual_seed(0),
)

# Save video
frames = output.frames[0]
export_to_video(frames, "output.mp4", fps=16)
```

> #### FreeNoise memory savings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### FreeNoise memory savings
```
